IstioCR in warning state with new condition when user-created EF targeting istio-ingressgateway found (#1442)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.18.0.md

# Features

> - From now Istio EnvoyFilters not created by APIGateway module RateLimit, will be detected, and set Istio CR in a Warning state. See #[PR 123]()

Reviewer: Fix the placeholder pr

Author: ah yeah, thanks 😅

> - From now Istio EnvoyFilters not created by APIGateway module RateLimit, will be detected, and set Istio CR in a Warning state. See #[PR 1442](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1442)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- EnvoyFilters not created by the API Gateway module's RateLimit are now detected. When the module detects such an EnvoyFilter, it sets the Istio custom resource to the `Warning` state. [#1442](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/1442)
```
